Cofertility: With our egg-sharing model, women can freeze their eggs for free when they donate half of the eggs retrieved to intended parents that can’t otherwise conceive.

Cuddle Sleep: Building a better sleep eco-system

SimpliFed: SimpliFed is the maternal health leader in breastfeeding and baby feeding support.

May Health: Transforming care for Polycystic Ovary Syndrom Patients

Liti: daily health companion for life

Visutate: Spatial computing startup focused on wellness solutions

Neura Statis: Wearable control of cerebral oxygenation

Reulay: Personalized digital interventions for mental well being

Joystik Life: Digital mental wellness platform for Gen Z athletes using evidence-based mind-body training to reduce stress and improve performance

Sol Health: Sol Health was founded in 2022 and our mission is to democratize access to therapy in higher education and train the next generation of mental health professionals to solve the nationwide therapist shortage.

FeminAi: Feminai enables breast cancer screening from home, by providing an early detection tool for the most common cancer in women. Offering a remote alternative to clinical breast examinations through an innovative wearable AI-based solution. Our patented technology has shown a 96% sensitivity and 98% NPV in breast cancer screening. After securing initial SAFE funding and promising clinical trial results at Sheba medical center, we are now preparing for a US pilot.

Impulse: IMPULSE Fitness Solutions allows people
to engage in physical activity from the convenience of their own home and
on the Go. We aim to provide ”the everyday person” with on-site
and on-line full body Customized workout solutions, through
EMS (Electric Muscle Stimulation) technology.

Elemind: At Elemind, we’re pioneering the field of electric medicine, developing wearable neuromodulation technology that mimics the benefits of pharmaceuticals without negative side effects. Academic institutions and health systems are partnering with us to to both validate our technology and build applications for it. Thus far, in addition to sleep, Elemind has been used to suppress Essential Tremor (ET), increase pain thresholds, augment anesthesia, and boost memory formation. And this is only the beginning – we believe the future of Elemind will be impactful across many use cases.

Quit with Jones: Nicotine replacement therapy that uses FDA approved nicotine substitutes while also giving customers access to a community to help with their current problems that stem from nicotine use/abuse.

Zen Sleep: Personal sleep coach

TBD Health: TBD Health is a hybrid online/in-person sexual healthcare platform that offers sex-positive, destigmatized care, starting with STI testing that is simple and affordable.

BlissBot.ai: Unlocking hyper-effective mental health solutions with AI

BePresent: BePresent is a mobile app that makes it fun and easy to reduce your screen time, improving your mental health, productivity, and overall quality of life.

Grouport Therapy: Online Group Therapy

Healthspan AI: Personal longevity assistant

Kivo Health: Breathe easier and live better with Kivo Health.

Medo Health: Ai / LLM Powered Longevity Coach

EatWell: http://eatwellmealkits.com/ improves diabetic health through prescription nutrition. Health insurers prescribe their meal kits and education curriculum to diabetic patients, and track health and cost benefits through their impact analytics platform. EatWell’s integrated approach provides hands-on learning for sustainable behavior change that supports long term health and cost improvements.

BioProxal: Leveraging AI and multiagent systems to predict and prevent asthma attacks, integrating advanced detection tools to enhance prediction accuracy and improve health outcomes.

Wearlinq: WearLinq is coming out of Stanford to build the hardware-enabled AI Future of health, starting with vertically integrated arrhythmia care. We have >200M in-network lives and our own proprietary FDA-cleared stretchable 6-lead EKG patch.

Phyteau: Oral GLP1 - activate the body to produce more GLP1 naturally

Augene Beauty: Augene Beauty is the 23 and me of skincare. We use Al and biotechnology to match our customers with the right
product.

Be: Amazing: same high-quality premium supplements you love, with a whole new look ✨ be happy, be healthy, Be Amazing

Bluu Suncare: Patent Pending. Suncare +

Voymond: AI-powered luxury travel service offering fully personalized ultra-high-end itineraries and accommodations for HNWI and UHNW clients

Skylark: HotelTonight for Luxury Travel

FlyFlat: is a luxury concierge platform with the best deals in the world on long-haul, international, business and first class tickets. FlyFlat saves an average of 35% off the retail prices and we offer the biggest savings for one ways and last minute flights where we can save our customers up to 80% off.

Worldia: We believe planning a trip should be fun and stress-free. We are a platform offering à la carte travel, simplifying the creation of unforgettable travel itineraries as original as each traveler.

OffWeGo: OffWeGo is a mobile tool that teaches safer travel habits to frequent, risky travelers through behavioral science
and gamification, providing real-time tracking and risk prediction for employers and insurance companies.

Repriced Ai: Tracking flights and hotels after you book. Rebooking and saving money when the price drops.

Daps: Collectibles and experiences directly from your favorite athletes.
At your fingertips.

MintStars: a low-censorship content platform where creators & fans earn more through resales.

Palazzo: The only 2-sided Home Design AI platform serving both brands and consumers

Keybacker: Keybacker is a platform that connects homebuyers lacking a qualified co-signer with investors, making homeownership more accessible. By facilitating impactful real estate investments, we enable financial growth for both borrowers and investors through a secure, mutually beneficial process.

